What's the matter? Something happened to Mr. Liu with your own eyes.
Then he should be grateful
He just lost his right hand.
There are rumors from the outside world that the total method is very spicy
Six relatives do not recognize
How to be afraid
not afraid
Yes
Despite the rumors
How ruthless is the general method of war?
But the president I know
Every time the lady is mentioned
She smiles really gently.
Also maintain subordinates
Besides, I'm your assistant
I'm not your enemy
Why should I be afraid?
Do you think I'm hard to hire?
How many people do you think I am?
I just want to add your WeChat. Go away.
Humph
What an excellent child the lady of this town must be
Let the beautiful and rich town always be so clean